[Music]
okay
we have an update on
yesterday's debate topic okay over here I have a
tweet that the cat put up let's see what part it is
specifically let's see with this
treasure let's see No it's not fair because I did
n't go on their live so it
's not fair it's not fair because I did
n't go on their live Well there you have it
talk you guys be the [ __ ] it's not
fair it's not fair the chick was
obviously mad that she was lying and that she was
hiding something and that she was
messing things up and that she was the typical one who went around spreading
[ __ ] making things up about the other guy messing things
up she's a [ __ ] shitty vi You
're a [ __ ] liar it's [ __ ]
embarrassing what you're saying you
spend your time saying you weren't just my friend and
you spend your time sending him nudes saying that
you wanted him to [ __ ] you saying that you
would like to [ __ ] him and that he would
rip your [ __ ] guts out that you like
gore things that are [ __ ] disgusting The
kid taught me and all and the chick was a
little weird or I know and then you saying that
that was just your friend how can you have
such a [ __ ] hard face really that's the
only thing you'd like to tell you how you got
so [ __ ] hard respa but let's see
Well then jesito sent me an audio
to give me an update of what happened
then off camera okay I haven't
heard it I'm going to listen to it here with
you look what happened was like this we
got on a
call we got on a call
the girl was also there this takil and plutonic
who are the two other witnesses that
were there with you last night and well it turns
out that this one came in he asks her
this one no Terry asks her if the
accusations let's get straight to the point
and asks her Hey are the accusations
real or not and at first this
Black is like he stays quiet you see
and grabs and we told him let's see I
said look Black I mean be honest that's it I
mean if they are serious accusations you could
be screwing Terry's life do you understand
because on top of that you're doing it to a
person that you supposedly
had affection for and that you appreciate and or
a person that you appreciate doesn't  you're going to
do such a barbarity you're not
going to make something like that up and there she
ended up admitting that yes in
reality all those things she had
said were false and that she did it more
than anything because look if I give you my
personal opinion I think she did it more
than anything out of spite because the relationship
that they two had Terry and black was
quite cold he was very distant But
because personally he was
used to being distant in and of itself
and I think that the girl Beyond the fact that
psychologically she is not well
She recognizes this in fact many times
she psychologically is not well In
fact she is under
treatment I think psychiatric if I
remember correctly I could be wrong but I
think it was like that and she is on medicament and the
girl had made these accusations eh
during Christmas I don't know if
Christmas 2022 or last year But she had
made these accusations under the
influence of alcohol which is
quite dangerous because on top of that if you
are medicated you shouldn't drink alcohol
But well a separate issue the question is
that the girl said these things she said it
to laxe she also said it to this boy the
other boy who  I was also on
the Plutonic live show and the girl seems to have been
keeping up with these things and she was doing all of this behind
Terry's back and these things
happened both inside and after
the breakup they had she
kept it going It was something she kept going on
that's why Laxe felt even more resentful
towards Terry because at first Laxe
assumed that it's okay Yes
she's telling me that they were they were they had
a close relationship too
Eh then I say well It has to be
true I don't think she's lying to me and that's
where the whole mess
between Laxe and Terry started and Well but the thing
is that yes In the end this Black ended up
recognizing that all those accusations that
Laxe mentioned along with
Dallas They were all false accusations that
the girl made uh to Terry to
stay with or rather to remain in the
position perhaps of a victim let's
say not to get attention or rather
she specifically told us that she
did it to get attention the
thing is that of course uh quite
questionable the truth is the way of
getting attention But well uh that's
basically the summary of what
what we talked about last night,
more things happened too, eh. Although, well, that.
Maybe it's a little more private. But
all in all, well, relaxed. And Terry
also, at the same time, resolved the
issues they had pending. And all
in all, well, it took some
apologies that she herself made to
him for having lied to him and it's like
each one is going to go their own way. And I don't know
if they're going to talk about this
publicly, the truth, eh. I don't know if they're
going to announce that I know that
the issue is resolved or not. Because I
at least understand that they've already
fixed things and that at least they do
n't want to discuss this issue anymore, but
well, this is basically what happened
from my perspective,
having heard everything, a bad person,
eh, an Amber, an Amber, a literal Amber,
the girl is actually crazy.
I've seen her Story
Time videos where she talked about the things she did
on the internet. Well, I'll also tell you one
thing that Terry didn't give me
good feedback on. Pina because of the fact that he didn't want to
upload, I don't know what, but well, he could have
seen it saturated by  the accusations or in a
state of sh I don't know but I do think
that he should give his clarification too
because yes I didn't like the terri either I didn't
like the truth But well
That story ended if there will be an
episode I don't know if they will say something in public
surely from what I see and And well,
nothing, the chick is a [ __ ] crazy thing I
can't say anything else about
her
[Music]
for